Bertrand is telling us. We're muted on on Twitter. Oh my God. What the hell? Oh, it's funny. Okay, I fix it. There we go.
Way to go, Dax. Why do you have so many buttons and knobs in your system? Why is it so like you have to, you have to open the floodgate for my volume to come to the outdoors.
It's because whenever I record with, I was recording with someone, it's not worth explaining.
We have zero viewers. Hey, I want to be the first year. Can you send me the link? Or did you tweet the link?
I sent it to you here.
This is a riveting start to a podcast, really. I hope this is all in it.
Does anyone use this? I've like never, I don't think I've ever seen this.
I think I did it the first time I streamed, like before I streamed a Twitch, I tried streaming to Twitter and everyone is like, no audio.
That's awesome. You can't hear me. This is probably pretty dumb. Okay, I see us. I see our faces on Twitter.
Okay, so now, and that's a tweet. I don't think it got posted. So I've used, because we used to use StreamYard.
And it would stream to Twitter, but it would like make a post. I'm going to try making a post. Make a post.
I'm trying this Twitter, I think. By the way, you're good at Twitter. You're really good at Twitter, Dax.
And I just noticed you have 15,000 followers. And I'm so glad I got into 20 before you beat me to 20, because you're going to beat me to every other milestone.
Yeah, I've got a lot of growth this year. I feel like something clicked for me in January.
Just found the right blend of grandma challenges and being a jerk.
Oh, okay, it works. I tweeted. It tweeted. And it's embedded in my tweet, which is great.
Oh, it's just there. Our faces are right there on your timeline. Look at us. Look at us. Look at us. Hey, look at us. Look at us. Who would have thought? Not me.
I'm a viewer. We have one viewer. It's me. Okay. I guess this will be good. It's good, actually, for the podcast, because we don't really want to interact when we're recording the podcast.
It's weird to talk to Twitch chat. And we probably won't be able to interact this way.
I don't think we're going to be seeing people tweet. And I don't know. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I think this makes sense. And our audience is bigger on Twitter, so we'll see.
Yeah, we'll see how this works. We'll see if we get above one viewer. That'd be great.
So just one viewer. What the hell is this? It's fine. It's fine. I'll retweet it.
How about that? Someone corrected me. It's X live, not Twitter live. Oh, X live.
We're at eight viewers now. Oh, there are people listening to us record.
I mean, normally there would be people listening on Twitch, but we'll take Twitter.
It feels different than Twitch somehow. I feel like more nervous because I've never done this before.
Yeah, it does. It's a different group. Like Twitch is just, it's all the degenerates.
It's like just a bunch of doofuses that we know. Twitter, it's like, I don't know who those 20,000 people that follow me are.
I have no idea who those people are. That's true. I know like 10 of them.
All the people that followed you, because they like your house. Yeah, basically.
There's still a person that wants me to send the layout, the blueprint for my house.
I don't know if they're planning on building exact house. Like they just want to build my house wherever they live.
I just had a funny thought that they're going to rob you like they're like playing a house.
The plan out like a little treasure map. Yeah, yeah.
We actually enable our alarm now. Just putting that out there into the world.
We have an alarm and it's actively monitored. We need to enable it now.
Well, I've had it for, I don't know, six months and we didn't turn it on.
Do you, if you ever done that, you ever bought an alarm system and then like just you don't want to arm it because you hate false alarms?
We hate false alarms so bad.
Well, so I set up like a homemade alarm system through Home Assistant sounds sound sketch.
Yeah, I know. But it's it's it's I think it's both effective and comedic.
And I'll explain why. I think I talked about it before. I don't know.
But so Home Assistant literally lets me connect any device, any device to it so that I can be controlled like a toaster.
My car, I connected my car and it like knows like everything about my car open because some it's open source.
So people build plugins for everything. Someone reverse engineered the app for my car and then bridged it to this thing.
And so Home Assistant, wait, your car has an app?
Yeah, I think I need like, wait, you have a Tesla, don't you? I'm sure Tesla's have an app.
Yeah, I mean, it has an app, but I expect that. But what's your car? What is what? What are you drawing?
My car was the number one rated car in 2022, Adam. Did you look this up on x5?
Is that why you bought it? Why is that ridiculous? It's it's not ridiculous.
It's just a purchase. No, I just feel like I learned something about you that like, I don't know how I didn't notice about you, that you look up the best thing.
And then you get the best. Always. Always.
I always look up. Well, my purchase decision with my car was actually pretty simple.
We know we needed like a sedan wasn't big enough for us. We wanted a cross over. Yeah, cross over everyone else in the world.
And now it's the default car. Yeah. And we wanted to go electric. I didn't like the Model Y.
And there were like two other options. And then that one of the options behind the eye on x5 happened to be like crazy, crazy well rated.
Like people were super obsessed with it. So it's just obvious choice. Yeah, but yes, it has an app and home assistant has like this nice abstraction where there's like things that are sensors and there's things that are that can like be controlled.
You can take actions on them. And it exposes all that stuff like this guy's plug in exposes all that stuff in there.
So like there's like a sensor for each one of my doors so I can like detective one doors left open or the trunk is open or there's like also a gauge for like how much mileage like all that stuff.
So can you control it? Can you like flashlights or on the horn and turn on the air conditioning? OK, so I can I can like tell like before I'm about to leave my house.
Yeah, free conditioner. Yeah. And then like two minutes later that Miami heat. You got to get cooled down. Yeah, it's great. It's a great feature.
But because you can set up all kinds of workflows and automations, you can effectively build alarm situations.
So I can do stuff like if my car door is opened after midnight, turn all the lights in my house and like blast music on all my speakers.
Geez, yeah. Yeah. I've seen I've seen people do this kind of thing where like it's not a normal alarm that goes off.
It's like you're going to die and like the lights turn red. Exactly. It's actually extremely easy. I haven't done it. I haven't done.
I do want to do that because it's hilarious. Yeah, it's and it's very easy. It's extremely easy to set up.
Well, you have to have all that. Do you have like color changing bulbs and everything? Did you go that far? Yeah, pretty much all my lights are either smart switches or they're color changing bulbs.
And do you use Hue? No, I don't use Hue because Hue bulbs are like five times more expensive than anything else.
I don't know how they've gotten away with it. Have you if you looked at the prices? So I have I have one Hue device.
So behind my TV, there is a strip of LEDs that I stuck behind there. And so when I watch movies, there's like changes the edges, like whatever clubs at the edges of TV, like that LED also goes off.
So you get this like crazy nice immersive experience. That one is a Hue, but Hue sucks now because they all need the additional hub.
Yeah, I hate the hub thing. Yeah.
So now there's common protocols for everything, like matter and thread. So pretty much any device you buy as long as matter of thread certified, it'll just work when you bring it in.
Those are much better brand names than the previous Zigbee. Zigbee was built on top. Yeah, it's built on top of Zigbee. Yeah.
So I like went through and I I saw that. OK, finally, we've converged on some standardization after like 15 years of this stuff. Yeah.
And yeah, so now like everything like just works. I have my home assistant bots, my one box I need any device I buy. Like it has a way to just to connect to them with the same. Yeah, yeah.
So I'm not worried about like, it's just compatible with this. And is that compatible with this other thing? Like all those different combinations? Yeah. Yeah.
So when you buy stuff, like when you research, do you end up like in the forums? Like that's where the real hardcore knowledge is? You end up like I usually end up on I saw on Reddit.
Like all. Yeah, Reddit's its own brand of. But like, there's like the weird dedicated 1995 forums from everything. They're super old. I love those.
I guess Reddit has replaced all that. I'll start on red to just get like the sense of the option. So I did this when I was looking for a grill and I ended up with the Kamado Joe, highly recommend.
So I went on Reddit to then to just be like, okay, best grills, Reddit. That's what I searched. And I found a few threads and I'll get like a list of like five to 10 options.
Then I'll go down their YouTube rabbit hole to find like the one weird guy that just obsessed with this thing and has like a detailed review on each one.
And at that point, and then sometimes I end up on some of those weird forums as well. Like there was some like meat forum that I ended up on, which is really funny.
I visit that one all the time. That's one of my favorites. I know exactly. Oh, yeah, I forgot. I forgot it was like an alien topic for you.
There's a when we were buying a mattress, we ended up on there's a site. I still remember sleep like the dead. Have you ever been to sleep like that?
I have heard of this. Yeah. Now that I wish every category of product had a site that good because it's like it's so neutral. It's like refreshing.
You just when you spend time reading like the blog posts that top rank SEO stuff, like it's just all garbage and it's all affiliate links, but you find a site like that.
And it's like, you know, you can trust every word they wrote because they're just so unbiased and they're so at the root of it.
Like they're trying to cut to the truth. Love it. I wish every I'm always looking for that type of site. It's hard to find.
There's always just like one weird person or a group of weird people that have just like are obsessive about this one thing.
We'll do that. I'm looking for a new mouse right now and Theo licked me to this guy. That's like just obsessed with mice and he has his website and it's he has like a huge list of every single one.
And he has like a standard way if he has a valid way every single one. Yeah, a single mouse has a video and then it's a ranking. I saw that and I was like, great, I'm just going to pick I'm just going to look at the top three and just pick one of those and get to go.
He's good with products. He knows. He knows products. He finds good one. If he doesn't, he knows that weird guy always. Like I never heard of this mouse guy and like everyone needs a mouse and I haven't come across.
There's a guy. There's always a guy or a girl for every every topic. Yeah. It's interesting. Yeah. Why do we like buying things so much? Why is it? What? There's something fun about shopping about buying things.
I love feeling like I got the best thing. Yeah, I love my research. Yeah. Yeah. And for me, the buying process and the research process is like so enjoyable.
I know some people hate it and they just want to make the decision. I don't like agonize over the decision. I like like that process of discovering the best thing.
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's most of the fun of it. Like I love just kind of like discovering a new subculture because like you said, there's there's people that are obsessed with this thing that you just thought.
It was like a thing you need to buy, but there's like a whole community around it. I love that. I do. I love getting up to speed and trying to sift through all the noise.
I also like and I don't. I think we all shop a lot more online and we usually have like a specific thing. We want to buy and we'll do research for it, but there's a there's a Home Depot walking distance of me.
And sometimes I just go there because then I walk to go that way and we'll walk through the Home Depot. I just like going through there because there's all this stuff I didn't know exists existed and just like going through the eyes.
I'm like, whoa, that's a thing or whoa, that's a thing. I get kind of overwhelmed in places like that loads, Home Depot. I just I'm so disconnected from that world.
Yeah. I mean, if you have no purpose of being there, just kind of, I'm just like perusing. So yeah, it's it's fun. I'm like, well, I'm going to attach this thing to my hose.
I like. Okay, the same experience I have with kitchen stores. I like to go in kitchen stores because there's always a new gadget that they've come up with like a new way to peel a very specific thing with like a device.
It's made just for that thing. And it's always it's amazing. But every year they keep coming out with new stuff, those people should put them in charge of more things, put them in the material sciences or something. They're good at discovering.
They've come up with more ways to cut things. Yeah, those, those like single purpose kitchen items. It's funny because when you because I live in New York for so long, those are like the culture around the people hate those things because nobody has space in their kitchen.
It's a single purpose that there's a phrase like a single use kitchen, whatever plans, whatever it is. Yeah. People hate them because they're like, this is so dumb. Like, why would you buy a thing just for this one purpose?
But my my friends parents who live in Arizona, they had this huge, amazing kitchen. They literally have every single one of those things. And it is awesome. Like, I remember one time he was telling me that he was visiting his parents.
And they were going to make burgers and they were like, Oh my God, we can't make them. We have to go to the store first. And he's like, why? He's like, well, we don't have those like little rings that you like put in the pants or you put a meat into shape to meet it.
That's like the level there is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. His dad has this thing where, I mean, I have this too now, but so a sous vide, which I think we talked about the sous vide before. Do you have a sous vide?
I don't know what that is. Is that is that a thing that attaches to the toilet and she's water instead of paper? It's a water though. It's a water. So you're close. Basically, it's a way of precisely cooking food. And it's good for vegetables and meat. So you guys might be interested in this.
Basically, it's like a cylindrical thing. It clips into like a container of water. So it might be like a big, just like a rectangle bucket of water. Yeah. Are you put it in there?
A pot works. No, but I mean, people usually use it with like these, these like rectangle containers. Okay. So cylinder down in the water. Yeah. Then you take your food, which, you know, we usually make steaks.
You put them in a bag. You kind of press the air out and then you drop the bag in the in the water. The device, the sous vide device will bring the water to a very specific temperature. It's crazy accurate. It's like off by like 0.5 degrees.
And then it'll hold there. And your food basically gets brought to an exact precise temperature with no effort from you. So it like gets cooked to the exact temperature you want. Okay.
And for steak, you take it out, then you like sear it on both sides of the pan, which takes like a minute or two minutes. And you have literally a perfect steak every single time. Okay.
And it works for all kinds of all kinds of foods, like different meats, different vegetables, things like that. Like grill bros, like people who are real and they're grilling.
Do they, do they like turn their nose up at this stuff? Is this like nerd way of cooking? Sort of, but it's one of those things that everyone just loves. I think it's just like a beloved thing because you can sue V to steak and then toss it on the grill for the final sear to kind of get an exit both.
Because when you, you have to like put in a lot of effort to cook a steak correctly because you might overcook it, but you still want to see her. So this is an amazing device, but my friend's dad, he takes to the next level where he has like a vacuum sealer as well.
And he'll buy like just like a ton of like a hundred steaks and vacuum seal them all and put them in the freezer.
And whenever he wants a perfect steak, he just pulls it out, drops it in the sous vide and our lady has a perfect, perfect steak.
Cause they'll, they'll just, they're already wrapped up. You don't have to put them in the bag, you just drop it in there. Interesting.
Kind of almost making me want to eat steak. Just want to try this. The more I talk about this, ruin your, what is it? How long have you been vegan?
It's 10 years now of 10 years in February. Wow. One day. Long time. I feel like it's paying off at my, I just turned 37 just had a birthday.
I don't feel 37. I feel like I'm, I'm not like Brian Johnson, like reversing my aging. I'm not 18 again, but I do feel like eating the way I eat and some of the other things I'm doing.
I do, I feel like I'm staving off what would be a very painful 37 with all the Jiu Jitsu. I'm training so much, man. I'm, I'm obsessed. I'm completely obsessed.
Like in a way that I haven't been obsessed with something in a while. It's bad. How many hours do you do a day?
It's like two hours every morning. Like on your, on your highest days. Okay. Yeah. It's like two hours every morning. Then Sunday, two hours in the afternoon of, of just open mat, like just rolling.
Yeah. So I don't roll that much every day. Like I'm only rolling like 15, 30 minutes at the end of class.
But we go in early before class. I'm taking private lessons from this brown belt who is amazing. He was like a college wrestler. Yeah, man. I'm obsessed.
I'm competing next month. I'm doing my first tournament. Oh, nice. I'll be like two months into my journey. And I'm going to just throw myself into the fire.
It's like a Kansas City IBJJF tournament. Oh, you're going to Kansas City. I'm going to Kansas City. To the big city. I'm going to drive up from the Ozarks.
White belt and toe. My friend, who's everything into into into into your in New York told me to tell you to go. If you're ever in New York, you should go.
Roll with him at his at the gym. He goes to because it's like the sounds awful. Why is that awful? How long has this person been into it?
And they they roll in New York where there's actually good people. Well, so I mean, that's why because he was like, so his gym has some like people that compete at like an international level.
Yeah. Yeah. Like someone coaches. But I mean, it would probably be fun for you to like stop in there once. Oh, it'd be awesome to see like a big gym where, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're not getting any more invite you if you're ever happy to be there. I don't know if you happen to be in New York and I happen to have my gee.
I will stop by. Well, bring your gee if you go to New York. Yeah. I thought about taking it when I went on that last trip. I don't know. It just feels weird to pack a gee. It just feels like I've gone full nerd.
That's where you're going to stop. Yeah. I mean, like maybe the gym will have geez. I could just wear one of their geez, but like to show up.
And I don't know. It just feels weird visiting. Yeah. I mean, going back to the thing you were saying, it's good that you feel like you are cheating your age, which I think is the goal.
Yeah. The first, I mean, the first few weeks, it was very, I mean, like any new physical activity, very painful, very sore all the time.
But now I feel like, and that thing you sent me, the knee thing, how about that? That's awesome. Yeah. I want to talk about that too.
There's like all these experts that are like, I've seen this guy on TikTok that Casey's shown me. He's at the end. I don't remember his name at the end of everything.
He's like all into flexibility and he does this crazy stuff, like the way he rolls around his ankles and stuff, but he always says, stay flexy at the end.
I feel like there's these crazy experts that are emerging with this new age of media that just, it wasn't a thing.
Like you didn't have access to this kind of information 20 years ago. It's awesome.
Yeah. I was talking about this with Liz and she was, I think she was talking to a physical therapist or something.
And yeah, we were talking about how usually if you go to a doctor for some of these problems, so I used to have like that shoulder issues.
And now I have this like knee thing. You go to the doctor and they're always just like, oh, you have to like not use it.
You have to lay off it or like you're kind of done using that thing. It's very common to hear that.
But then like, you just, it just gets weaker and deteriorates even more because you're not using it.
Yeah. Yep.
And there's all these people that have a completely different take. And I love this because as mentioned before, I've had shoulder issues, like two years, all kinds of doctors I went to.
Nobody could help me. And I found like that one person that was just obsessed with the shoulder and completely fixed my issues and I haven't had issues in like five or six years now.
And now, you know, the other guy sent you for the knee thing. And they just are like obsessed with this one thing and we'll figure out a way for you to train it.
And you can stay active for a very long time. The guy I follow for most of my diet and my workout stuff, he just turned 70. He actually lives here in Miami.
And he's been active like forever. Just doing all this stuff.
Is that the slow rep guy? No, no, that guy. I don't know where that guy, I think I live in Texas.
Okay. That's McGuff. This is Mark Sisson. Mark Sisson. Yeah, I'm sure you might have even come across his stuff. Like, do you know Primal Kitchen? Like the...
Oh, I've seen that. Yeah. He started that company and he sold it a couple years ago. But he used to be an ultra marathoner. And his whole, he has a very interesting journey where he would do those like crazy, crazy long distance ones.
Like a hundred miles? I've heard that's a thing. Yeah. And he talks about how when he was doing that, he was doing all kinds of stuff that let him achieve those things, right?
Like eating a shit ton of glucose, like drinking, like inhaling those packs, those like those glucose packets while on runs, wearing certain shoes that let him run super long.
And he talks about how all these things like nearly killed him because like he was doing these things that were your body can technically do if you push it with all this technology that we have.
But it really showed in. So even though he was achieving these superhuman feats, he was never like in worse health. And he learned to retire from that.
And now he's found like all this stuff that and his goal is always he loves doing certain things. Like he loves playing ultimate. He loves like biking. He loves doing all these things.
And he works out so that he can do those things, not just to like do the workout. So I really like his perspective and he's like been able to be very, very active to a very, very late age.
So running not the best is what you're saying, like pushing yourself with long distance.
Running is fine. It's just like the level that he was doing it at the ultra marathon. You just forget that we have so much technology assisting us now that we're capable of doing things, not we as in the general population, like the people at the high end of the spectrum.
Yeah.
They're doing things that technically are bad for them, even though it's like in the category of exercise.
Yeah. So Jiu Jitsu, I don't feel like it's the best long term activity. Like I do feel like it's like a serious injury is inevitable. And then.
And then what? And then do you recover to get back into it to just like, I'm not going to be able to do this when I'm 65. Like I just don't think it's the thing that.
And that sucks. But at least for now, I'm trying to regain my prime and feel like I've still got some youth left in me and enjoy it while I can, I guess.
It does totally change like having a purpose, like a sport changes everything about my nutrition, my fitness, like I'm focused on.
When I strength train now, it's like I'm specifically doing stuff that's good for Jiu Jitsu because I want to be stronger, getting out of guard or whatever like I'm doing Turkish get ups and all this stupid stuff that I never would have done.
I'm pushing myself harder just to get better at this sport. I love having something like that. Like I focused. I just, when I go into the gym with no aim, like before I discovered Jiu Jitsu, it's just like, I'm not going to push myself that hard.
I'm not going to do stuff. I don't want to do. I'm just going to kind of do the normal bench and squat and deadlift. Call it a day.
It just fixes all sorts of things in your life too. I'm having the same experience. I want to be in better shape as I start the kite surf because I don't want to drown, which is a pretty good motivator.
That's a good motivator.
But it also makes it so like I sleep on time because I want to make sure I wake up on time so I can go down in the morning, so it just kind of clicks everything in life into place.
It does. It just puts a lot of good habits. Yeah. It enforces a lot of that. Love it. Did you want to talk specifically about this knee thing? Did you want to go into that guy or what were you going to say about the knee thing?
You just sent me the link. You didn't say anything. I was like, what should I say? I'm going to figure it out. I watched the video. I'm going to watch the whole thing.
The end got a little like emotional. I don't know. It was weird, right? Thanks, giving. And basically, there's this person on Twitter. His YouTube is a knees over toes guy.
He can do his like something serious. Yeah. And his whole thing is just a lot of people have knee problems and I stopped being active because of that.
And he just has a few basic things you do every day or whenever that can kind of extend that. So if you're someone with that issue, go check that out.
Yeah. I just started doing it the last two days. I don't think I'm some of the knee problems. I think that one thing was just a freak thing, but this is always going to give me the confidence to not worry about it.
I had heard the walking backward thing. Casey had always told me it's good for a lot of points. Yeah. I'm just going to be walking around my neighborhood now with my ruck on backward.
I wasn't weird enough looking with my backpack. I'm going to be backward all the way up the hill. Everything. I'm going to be really good for you. Actually, let me explain to you how I'm doing it, which is why I make you laugh.
Do you put pants on first or are you outside your box or just depends? Just depends.
Before looking up this backwards walking. So basically, you know, 10 minutes of backwards walking every day, like helps reorient some of the stuff in your knees and your legs every morning for the past month.
I've been doing this forever. You know, I play with Zuko in the morning to get his energy out. He's very excited in the morning. And I found something new that is very, very, very good at getting his energy out and it's blowing bubbles.
So every morning I said in my yard, blowing bubbles and my neighbors walk by and see me and there is no way to make this look cool. I'm a little adult.
- Blowing bubbles to you every single morning. - Blowing bubbles to you every single morning. Yeah. And I walk around while doing it so that you can chase them. So they kind of put some distance.
- So you walk around backward for 10 minutes, blowing bubbles. - So now, yeah, this morning, instead of walking forward, I walk backwards for 10 minutes. So it's perfect. He gets his exercise. I get my exercise. Beautiful.
- Do you ever feel like shame in public? Like, do you ever feel like I'm embarrassed by strangers seeing what I'm doing? - Yes, I do. It's definitely diminished as I get older and will only continue to diminish.
And now I see what I get why they're just old people, completely naked in locker rooms all the time and stuff. I see that too. - Is no longer care?
- Yeah. The added layer is something about being in my own property. I just cannot give a shit with my own property. I get doing weird things in public places. I'm embarrassed to do that, but I just don't feel it in my... It's arbitrary, but I just don't feel it.
- No, I really have no cares about, like, public. And Casey notices this and points it out that she gets embarrassed that I'm doing something. I just don't think about it. Not just on my own property. Like, I don't know. I don't...
- What kind of stuff are you doing that's embarrassing her? - Ah, okay. So the last thing that I was doing, there's this on the topic of weird body fixes, so the knee guy, there's this thing, if you get tennis elbow. So, just so you get tennis elbow pretty commonly.
I haven't both elbows. And there's this rubber... It's just like a stick. It's like a rubber stick about yay long. Where's the camera?
- Okay. - It's like, I don't know, almost a foot, maybe 10 inches. And you hold it like so and you twist it, and then you kind of torque that arm. I don't know.
You just like... It's this goofy looking... - Yeah. - I mean, it looks like something, but I'm not going to say what it looks like.
- Hopefully not that aggressive. - Yeah, you just sit there and do that. And I was just doing it in the car, and people are driving by, and it's kind of like very clear. It's this weird motion I'm doing with this weird object.
Yeah, that was the last thing. Whereas I have the shame. - In your car? Yeah. In my car, that's my property, I guess. If I were walking around like the mall doing that, I don't know. They'd be a little weird.
Man, but people, they're just different degrees to this. Like I see people doing all kinds of weird stuff. I mean, we live in a city. It's just you start to see...
I mean, New York is like the epitome of this. You just get so used to people doing the weirdest stuff all around you that you just don't even... It doesn't even register for you at all anymore.
- Yeah. - Like clipping your toenails in this subway. Like, just stuff like that. It's just... - Even I'm good at stuff like that.
But you get to a point where you're just seeing weird stuff every single day, and you kind of get it too. It's a hard way to live, and sometimes you end up in a situation where you miss times something and you've got to be doing something weird in public on your way to the next thing.
- No, it makes sense. I mean, we get that in the Ozark too, but it's not because there's so many people. It's just because people are weird. I don't know.
You go to Walmart and the Ozarks. That's hell on earth. It's like the worst place in the world to go. It's Walmart.
Casey and I were just talking about this Saturday. We had to go to Walmart to get something, and we generally don't go places. We mostly insta-card our groceries, and we go to Mama Jeans. I've talked about that.
But we went to Walmart, and it's like... It's where you rub shoulders with all the kind of people in the Ozarks. We don't really get a lot of exposure to it.
It feels like we've got a nice little bubble. Our neighborhood's really nice. And Mama Jeans is pretty nice. Like people who go there. It's a little more health-conscious. It's not just common folk.
This is very classic. I'm being very... - I'm just letting you go. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Cancel me, please, before I go any further.
It's just scary. Honestly, it feels like this is where people get shot. This is where the mass shootings happen.
- What is shot in Walmart? It's all the time. - Not mass shootings, more weird personal situations. But yeah, I mean, the way I've always thought about New York is, let's say 1 in 100 people are truly weird.
You're passing 100 people every 10 minutes in New York. So you're just constantly seeing the weirdest people in the world all the time. And it's actually kind of fun. I don't know. You get used to it.
- But Miami is not that way, I guess. - Well, there's definitely a lot of... It's still that. You still definitely get that. It's just not as dense as many people.
- That makes sense. - It's a different one. You're in a subway crammed with 50 other people in a car. And one of the 50 people is super weird and they're three inches away from you.
- I just cannot imagine choosing to live in New York City, choosing to ride the subway every day as part of my life. I don't understand it, Dax. Could you help me understand it? It was worth it to you. Something about New York was worth it.
- Here's the thing, and you can probably relate to this. Any situation just starts to feel normal after you're in it enough. And you just tend to focus on the positives and kind of forget about the negatives.
And realistically, there's different experiences of this. I mostly work from home, so I wasn't taking the subway on a daily commute. That sucked. Even when I did go into the office, I rode my longboard. I found other ways around it. Lizz biked a lot.
The subway is also very radically changed. It's kind of the inverse of what you'd expect. Pre-COVID, they were generally packed and they were this routine. It was really packed in the morning. And then when work let out. But it's still pretty busy throughout the rest of the day.
You would think that's worse than post-COVID where subway ridership went down a lot. But it actually made that subway was really scary.
Because before, like I said, you'd be packed in the car with 50 people, one person's weird. And that's okay, because there's four of none of the people around you that aren't weird. Now you're in a car with two people and the other person's weird. Why don't you see?
- So, subway started to feel a little bit weird after COVID. But in general, it's just not a big deal. I don't know. It's never really something that I noticed or even thought about that much.
- Because you're just focused on all this other stuff that is pretty great about being there. You're just immediate walking access to the best stuff in every category without even thinking about it.
- Yeah, I guess I don't know what that stuff is or if I care. Like Broadway shows? Or like...
- No, no, no. Anything from like... I mean, my current neighborhood is like this too. I'm walking distance from some of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my hope.
We can just decide any evening, just to walk 10 minutes and go have... There's this new Amakase sushi place that opened up, which is amazing.
Just go walk there, do that across the street, another incredible restaurant as well. Place to hang out, kind of just things to do.
- Yeah. I guess we don't have that here. - It's just nice. You just get used to it.
You just get used to being able to decide to do anything and just extremely low friction to go do that.
- Interesting. Yeah, we mostly don't do things, so maybe that's why I haven't noticed this. Maybe we don't do things, nothing to do.
- Exactly. Yeah, exactly. So you just kind of adapt to whatever the lifestyle is.
- Interesting. - I mean, I love my time there and I still think it's the best city I've ever been to.
- What really gets me is when I see people with strollers, like imagining raising a family in the city, that would be so hard.
- I wouldn't be that hard. - Yeah, that sounds so hard.
- But people do it. Yeah, even people that aren't super rich.
- They probably think the same about the Ozarks. Like, how could you raise your kids in a place like that?
- They're just sort of things. They have to think about that you don't and things that they don't have to think about that you do.
- Well, we tried the Twitter thing. We tried to stream on X live, mostly successfully. I mean, if you count, I mean, your audio was there the whole time.
Mine was there part of the time. - Yeah, I'm looking at it. It's there now. It's working.
- Are these recorded on Twitter? - I think so.
- I feel like we can come watch this after on your profiles to be there.
- I mean, we're not going to.
- Trash says, "Adam is still alive." - I am still alive.
- If the trash doesn't know it's still alive, I'm getting ready to see trash.
- And Vegas. - And a lot of people, man, you would not believe this DM group has grown. I can't believe everybody's going decks.
I'm not just trying to phone with you. - How big is it?
- It's crazy. It's like 15 people now. Let me just check.
- That's too many people. - It's a lot of people. Yeah, 16 people. It's people I didn't know were going. A lot of people.
I don't want us to name names because I don't forget some people, but like everybody I know from Devstreaming sans you, honestly.
- It's like everybody. It's like you and Teach. That's it.
- Me and Teach are having our own conference. - How are you?
- We're going to do a conference call. - Are you going to go up in Michigan? Oh, you're going to do a remote virtual conference.
I'm not jealous. I'm literally not jealous.
- Don't make me paint that picture of you sitting at the corner of a table for dinner at dinner again.
- I'll stop. I mean, that will be the case, but we won't be at dinner the whole time.
Some of the times we'll be standing awkwardly in rooms, probably.
- And gambling. Gambling all your money away. - I've never gambled in my life.
Should I gamble? I've been to Nevada a few times now. Should I be gambling in the airport?
- You should definitely just put, yes. Not the airport, but you should definitely allocate some amount of money.
- Why not? It's fun. - I don't know. Do you tell me? Is it like a thrill? It just feels good?
- Well, so when we were in Vegas during re-invent, me and Liz took out a hundred bucks and we went to the toilet table, lost it instantly, like instantly vanished.
- Just a hundred on red. Is that how that went? - Yeah.
- And Liz was like, that wasn't fun. And I was like, I don't think we did it right.
Then we took out another hundred dollars. - Okay. - Oh, this is the problem. Where does it stop?
- I put it in a slot machine and this time I pull the weather and we won like two hundred something else.
- So it's Liz. She's the problem. - She didn't have a lucky hand on the red table, I gotta be honest.
But we want to learn all our money back plus like 40 bucks, I think, something like that.
- And then you just stopped? That was enough? You were satiated? Okay.
- 'Cause I'm very obsessive and my concern is I will never be satiated.
- Probably. - And I will just get addicted. And then I will be living on the streets come December.
- I think the things that are addicting are the things that have a slow burn like playing blackjack with like small amounts.
So you're there for like 30 minutes to an hour like slowly losing your money.
- Okay. - Alan did that and he made money. And then at like 2 a.m.
he like left the room and then just went to go play in the middle of the night by himself.
And I was like, okay, I think, I think the book-- - The addiction is set in.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. - 'Cause you can do it all night. You can even play blackjack all night.
Like they've got dealers there. Wow. I guess, of course they do.
I hate Vegas so much, man, I hate it. - Crazy optimize. Everything you're smelling is engineered to make you want to stay.
Everything you're hearing is make like all the music is like explicitly curated.
Like every little step of it, like the distances things are from each other.
Like everything is micro-optimal is 'cause every 1% improvement they have is significant at their scale.
- Wow. - It is, it is crazy. - That sucks.
[laughter]
I wonder if TwitchCon was in Vegas before Amazon bought Twitch.
Wait, was there TwitchCon before Amazon bought Twitch?
It's just an Amazon fixation with Las Vegas.
Could we convince someone in Amazon to please pick another city?
One that doesn't, I don't know, smell like my grandma's house.
[laughter]
- Is she so bad? - Is she a smoker?
Yeah, no kidding. It's, and she wasn't, but that's, it's like a grandma smoker.
Yeah, yeah, it's bad. I hate that place.
Yeah, I think it's just a certain generation.
I'm assuming like all the generation of people that are like execs at Amazon.
They're into the Vegas conference thing, which is a thing they grew up with.
Yeah, the buffets, the gambling. All right, let's get off here.
It's been long enough to be on Twitter talking to Twitter people.
I don't know, it's a different feel. The Twitch thing I'm used to now.
I'm used to talking to people on Twitch.
I'm not used to these 16 people that are watching us on Twitter. It just feels weird.
There's no dialogue, except for when Bertrand called me and sent me a bunch of messages.
[laughter]
But other than that, I don't really, I don't have any feedback.
It just feels like we're talking to air.
I guess this is what we do when we record a podcast.
We don't actually have to stream it to somebody.
Could just record the podcast.
And I think, I want to give us a try a little bit more.
Oh, no, for sure. Yeah, it's nice.
I'm going to be on Twitter so much. We might as well stream to it.
51. Can you believe we've done this 51 times?
You think we'd be getting better at it, but I don't know.
[laughter]
We are.
It depends on where our focus is. I think about the focus.
Oh, yeah, we're both busy right now. That's what it is.
I have been, this past week, I have been finally diving deeper into all the LLM stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Just kind of getting more into the technicals. Yeah.
I'm still, I'm just now setting up my first smart contract.
So I'm way behind you.
Smart contract.
What?
I'm just kidding.
Like a big trend.
That's funny.
Yeah.
What are you doing with LLM?
Is this boomy?
Are you going to incorporate?
I'm trying to understand, yes, yes, but I'm also generally trying to understand it better
because AWS bedrock is coming out and we want to figure out
if SC needs to do anything around it.
Like what's, I mean, generally, I want to understand this space and have,
yeah, just, it's a great tool.
I think I found in the last week, I've actually fit on something that I think is pretty interesting,
at least for myself, because most of where we have seen these LMs is generative text,
like you prompted something and it generates some, an answer and people have scoped it
to different things like if it better than their products.
But effectively it's, that's a UX we've seen.
Yeah.
But there's this whole other way of using them that I think is actually where a crazy
amount of value is because I can think of a million tasks.
Well, summarizing is also generative text, but there's other way of using them where
it's about like extracting information from unstructured text.
So from going from unstructured to structured.
Yeah.
OCR.
I think it's going to change like use cases with OCR drastically because it's so hard to take
a big blob of text from OCR and do anything with it.
Yeah, exactly.
But then the question is like you want it to come back in a schema that you can digest.
Yeah, so you want to be able to define something like a JSON schema and constrict the LM to
only output stuff that's valid for that, which is not an automatically solved thing yet.
People have found some pretty good approaches to doing that.
Yeah.
My friend actually ran it like I was kind of looking through all this and he randomly released
something yesterday.
It's an API.
There's two, there's two things that API does.
One is it's like a singular API that you can switch between open AI and like all these other
different models so you can play with them without changing your application code too much.
Yep.
But it also had it also implements some of these new constriction methods.
So you can specify a regex pattern and say that the response needs to correspond to the
regex pattern and he has some funny examples where he'll like he has a regex pattern where
it's like the first word has to be a number, second word has to be of or has to be calories
above, then the third word has to be whatever.
He'll ask it for like what's something I can eat, blah blah, and it'll say like 500 calories
of this thing.
Nice.
So that's like it's like a low level tool of being able to constrain the output but I can
imagine how people are going to get really creative with this type of thing and do all kinds of
stuff.
Conforming to a JSON schema is also really cool.
Someone wrote out a schema for what like ingredients look like a recipe looks like.
This is literally done this, Dax.
I'm about to tell you that I've actually played with this because we wanted to just OCR.
My wife has all these cookbooks and we like like five recipes from each one.
And I just wanted to be able to take photos of all of them, take the OCR from Textract,
like takes the text data and then run it through OpenAI.
It works.
Great.
I mean, I'm probably doing it the dumb way.
I'm just literally using OpenAI.
But you just pass it a schema and you pass it to raw data and it sends it hand the right back
to you.
So OpenAI has, if you just really talk to the prompt, you can probably get it to respond
roughly correctly, like so amount of time.
You can make this even more correct by using their functions thing where you like give it
a function and you say the arguments that function is a JSON schema.
That's still probabilistic though.
There's still a chance that it's not going to conform to it.
It's not going to conform to it.
But then this new approach, basically the approach is like whenever the L image generating a new
Bias tokens up that are valid based off of how much what is generated so far.
So you like, you negatively score tokens that don't conform to your schema.
And if you do it that way, the L image restricted to only outputting stuff that conforms to
it.
How do you do that?
Like when you say bias to tokens, it's like a training level or what is this?
OpenAI actually has a way to pass in biases for tokens.
It's not an amazing API and they need to just integrate this at a lower level.
But it technically allows you to do this.
It's just like, let's just say 10x more expensive.
You just need to like rerun stuff a bunch of times.
Like a few optimization things you need to do.
But the takeaway is you can say every single time this output something, it's definitely
going to be this key so you can trust it from that place forward.
Man, I've had the exact same thought that like the other thing I've thought is summarization.
I just feel like nobody's, there's not a lot of like people using the summarization capabilities
of this stuff to like take a lot of information and then sit down.
Maybe there are people and I just haven't seen it.
But the schema thing or just like the unstructured data to structured very much on my mind.
I feel like there's tons of ways this solves problems that are just really hard to solve.
Yeah.
There's so many business processes that I've like just worked on in the past that have
been like categorized these PDFs are like, yeah, pull up this stuff.
It's just, it's just such a common thing.
So yeah, I think there's a lot of opportunity there.
The recipe example I was talking about though is so they have, they define a JSON schema
of like ingredients look like this and they have like a description and like a quantity
and a unit and then steps look like this and they have these different things and they
reference these ingredients.
And it basically can convert a recipe into that exact structure.
So then you can just render it in a consistent way.
Is this a repo?
Can you send this to me?
Because it's probably better than what I've done.
Yeah, I'll send you some stuff.
There's basically, I think there's so many approaches to this.
I think I found this repo called clownfish.
I think it's called.
Okay.
It has a, above all, it has a really great read me explaining the exact approach.
Yeah.
And then my friend's thing is kind of similar.
And I'll show you the open A, open AI like JSON.
Yeah.
That's all very holistic, but so pretty good.
Have you looked at like the open source models at all, Lama two or any of that?
Yeah, I'm still trying to at the phase where I'm trying to understand like, I don't even
know what it means to be an open source model.
Like, what exactly does that mean?
Like, when hosting it, like what?
Well, so there's an article that works together.
So there's an ABS here that works at Hugging Face.
And I'm blanking on his name, but he writes about two articles per day on LinkedIn.
It's insane.
I don't know how he has time to write all this stuff.
He writes it with LMS.
Maybe.
So he's got an article on training, doing like a custom Lama two in SageMaker.
So you've got a serverless inference endpoint.
That's all just SageMaker and you can use Lama two.
I've wanted to play with that.
Like as an alternative to OpenAI, just to have a cheap way to kind of use these LMS.
And I think it's like the highest, it's like 70 billion parameters.
It's a pretty big model.
Yeah.
And then there's all the fine tuning stuff, which is interesting too.
And OpenAI has an, yeah.
And betting's I'm a little bit familiar with because we have to like understand what that
was to add some of the AI stuff to our docs.
Oh, right.
SST.
That like overnight.
So cool.
Yeah, exactly.
But that's kind of what I feel like.
I feel like the focus, the stuff that has made it to me as an end user has been like kind
of narrow.
And now I'm seeing like, Oh, I think there's all these more hidden approaches that are
more hit.
Like you just never see like it's probably someone automating some really obscure business
process that like saves them like a million dollars, like multiple million dollars a year.
Yeah.
And there's just so many of these that probably exist.
And I think that's, that might be where a lot of the AI companies that have been founded
but aren't necessarily making products for the average person that might be what they're
focused on.
Things like that.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
I love how we were done like because we've just been talking about stupid stuff and then
we actually talked about an interesting stuff.
I'm glad we didn't just end it because this podcast will actually have something technical
in it.
Yeah.
Kind of mix it in.
This is still a tech podcast.
Is it?
Is it though?
Can we claim that?
I think that sounds have been, been like my body hurts podcast.
Yeah.
But I think we're getting old back.
I feel like we've, we've included it.
You just did an interview with AJ?
I mean, that's, that's going to be very technical.
I would assume.
I love bass jumping.
Actually, it was.
Yeah.
It was like, I, I found it interesting because I'm like, Oh, now I get to just talk about
talk to people that know about something really random and learn about it.
Like you talk about bass jumping stuff and aviation stuff for like 25 minutes.
Oh, it's the end.
That was cool.
Aviation.
I didn't know that.
It was a place that, I forgot where it was, but he grew up in a place where aviation's
big and a lot of people had like built their own planes.
Like that was a very normal thing built their own planes.
He talks about it in this funny way where he's like, Oh yeah, my friend built this thing
and we were like 90 feet up in the air and we like couldn't, we were like struggling to
get out to now.
I was like, I should have packed the other shoe.
And I'm like, Oh my word.
This is the whole part of your life.
I've never heard of someone building their own plane.
I mean, aside from the right brothers, that was, that was the only plane at first time.
Yeah, I'll stick to not base jumping and not flying in homemade planes.
Well, he thinks that because you are doing Jiu-Jitsu and he was willing to do Jiu-Jitsu
for a while, he thinks that you might and I might also be into base jumping.
I didn't know he was really into Jiu-Jitsu.
It's amazing how many people are into Jiu-Jitsu.
Once you get into it, you recover.
It's a lot of people.
Yeah.
I think we're going to roll in Vegas.
Me and Melky, at least.
Maybe I'll get trash to roll too.
It's funny because when I hear a roll, I immediately think doing Molly because that's
what people that do Molly, like you really?
Oh, really?
I don't know.
Molly.
When I heard you say we're going to roll in Vegas, I was like, oh, wait, Molly, is that
a drug?
Yeah.
It's ecstasy.
Oh.
They call it rolling.
Like let's roll some ecstasy.
Would you like to roll some ecstasy with me?
Did I do it right?
Actually yes.
Go to Vegas and set it up to someone.
Would you like to roll some ecstasy with me?
Could I call it X?
Would you like to roll some X?
It doesn't want to go to Vegas.
Yeah, please.
Oh, I found the thread.
I just got to pull on that thread.
I really want to get you to come.
There's no chance.
You and Lizz will just fly out for.
It's just like two days.
It's like totally different than a week at re-invent.
No chance.
I know.
But no.
I need to stick to it.
Okay.
Fine.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go.
I got a P anyway.
I know.
I can tell you.
I think I can like I've picked up on your.
The cues.
Yeah.
Exactly.
All right.
Why do I have to pee so much?
I have to pee.
I have to pee today.
Two hours.
I had to pee twice.
What?
Is something wrong with you?
I think something.
I might actually have a prostate problem.
Twice in two hours.
And I have to pee again.
And I've pizza.
No matter how much water you're drinking.
It's like a lot.
It's like every hour.
I think I should probably get it looking.
I'll tell them to help.
I'll get it.
I might still have it.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Okay.
Speaking of.
We'll see you.
See you.